---
aliases:
  - 2025 12 04
tags:
  - whatsapp-api
publish:
title: 2025 12 04
created: 2025-12-04 00:33
modified: 2025-12-04 00:34
---

# 2025 12 04
## Whatsapp API
### Still got alert of needs update payment method even tho had already add it
The alert it's show up on developer portal of app I am working on. First I do it's update or add payment method on Whatsapp accounts setting in https://business.facebook.com at the settings. Come back again to dev portal, it's still show up. Do it again on Billing & payments menu then add the actual number and test number. Still got the fucking alert. Tried to fill up name of business in Business Info field of one of the numbers, then try again and it's sucessfull hide the alert.
### Approval process of name Whatsapp business
So the old names it's let's say 'Melika', I want to turns out like 'Melika - Finance Department'. I have fucking tried 3 times with different style or format like 'Finance - Melika', 'Finance Division - Melika', none of them it's working to be approved. I knew RFTM, I did, but still got declined. Try to delete the Whatsapp business on Whatsapp Manager menus then add back with pre defined the name I wanted, then it's worked.
### The actual number it's not able send an template message
After tried [[#Still got alert of needs update payment method even tho had already add it|update payment method]] the actual number it's able to send and template message to like unsaved contact or an user that don't communicate before in 24 hours.